[console_scripts]
mlflow-migration-copy-model-version = mlflow_migration.copy.copy_model_version:main
mlflow-migration-copy-run = mlflow_migration.copy.copy_run:main
mlflow-migration-download-notebook = mlflow_migration.notebook.download_notebook:main
mlflow-migration-export-all = mlflow_migration.bulk.export_all:main
mlflow-migration-export-experiment = mlflow_migration.experiment.export_experiment:main
mlflow-migration-export-experiments = mlflow_migration.bulk.export_experiments:main
mlflow-migration-export-model = mlflow_migration.model.export_model:main
mlflow-migration-export-model-version = mlflow_migration.model_version.export_model_version:main
mlflow-migration-export-models = mlflow_migration.bulk.export_models:main
mlflow-migration-export-run = mlflow_migration.run.export_run:main
mlflow-migration-get-model-signature = mlflow_migration.tools.get_model_signature:main
mlflow-migration-http-client = mlflow_migration.client.http_client:main
mlflow-migration-import-all = mlflow_migration.bulk.import_models:main
mlflow-migration-import-experiment = mlflow_migration.experiment.import_experiment:main
mlflow-migration-import-experiments = mlflow_migration.bulk.import_experiments:main
mlflow-migration-import-model = mlflow_migration.model.import_model:main
mlflow-migration-import-model-version = mlflow_migration.model_version.import_model_version:main
mlflow-migration-import-models = mlflow_migration.bulk.import_models:main
mlflow-migration-import-run = mlflow_migration.run.import_run:main
mlflow-migration-list-model-versions-without-signatures = mlflow_migration.tools.list_model_versions_without_signatures:main
mlflow-migration-set-model-signature = mlflow_migration.tools.set_model_signature:main
